1. ~~I need to ensure that when a show is added to the schedule to be tracked, the system will identify if the show will be releasing more than one episode. On the first airing, if it is a show being tracked that has not begun airing the upcoming season yet, the system will identify if the show will be releasing more than one episode. For example, currently the Mall Shadow Lord show that I am tracking released two or three episodes, I believe, on the first release, which was today, April 6th. I think the system only scheduled and downloaded episode one and not episode two and three.~~ 
2. ~~I don't think the downloads system is working 100% correctly and efficiently. It's either not successfully downloading shows or movies that are selected to be downloaded, or it is taking forever to begin the downloads. It is also not accurately displaying the status and progress of the download on the live download monitor display and/or the progress tracker for active downloads on the command center.~~ 
3. *I do not think the downloads are being scanned once they have finished downloading to check for malware, viruses, etc. Nor are the notifications appearing that display to the user that the download that just completed is being scanned and then updating to show the status of the scan. The user knows that the download has been scanned as well as the status of the scan for any and all downloads that execute, whether that be manual downloads on regular searches or downloads from the schedule system, et cetera.* 
4. ==I would like to figure out if there's a possible way to display a visual identifier for a show/movie when it is being searched for, etc. Whenever the user searches for a show or a movie during any process contained in the patchy bot system that includes the function of a searching ability for a movie/show, whenever results, etc., appear for that show/movie, some sort of visual appears as well. That can be used by the user to ensure that the show being displayed or movie being displayed is indeed the correct one, so that the user does not accidentally download a show/movie they did not intend to.== 
5. [^1]==I want to implement a system, if possible, that will allow the user to save movies and TV shows to the Plex watch list. This system will identify the moment anything is added to the watch list and either download it immediately if possible or schedule it if not released yet. And the schedule is including movies and TV shows.== 
6. ~~I want to add the ability to schedule movies as well as TV shows so the user can schedule movies that are upcoming, all contained in the same scheduling system.~~ 
7. ~~I want to add a comprehensive malware filter/scanner to the Patchy bot system so that fake movies/TV show downloads are not displayed in the search results. All downloads are thoroughly scanned for malware, etc., to ensure safety.~~ 
8. ~~I want to update the movie search system to be able to identify when a movie being searched is only available in theaters currently and do so accurately, factually, and with up-to-date information. If it is determined that the movie being searched is only available in theaters, then only include tele-sync results. The user will be notified and asked if they want to add the movie to the search system instead, so that when the movie is released on either a streaming service or somewhere that will offer a better, higher quality download, it will be downloaded then.~~ 
9. ~~I want to audit, update, upgrade, improve, etc., the current patchy bot system sub-agents and also create any and all new beneficial sub-agents to handle things like new ports of the system, etc.~~ 
10. **The Movie tracking system needs a deep audit and fix**
11. I want notifications for alerts, not notifications for successful downloads etc. to come with "Clear" buttons that when clicked will clear the notification from the chat in the same way deleting the notification would

[^1]: Will execute after my Claude usage resets on Friday
